chore: Add issue and PR templates (#1327)
Amsterdam/design-system: .github/issue_template.md

# Describe the issue

> Thank you for contributing to the project! Please take some time to fill out this template, to help us quickly and smoothly handle your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for contributing to the project!
Please use this template to help us handle your issue smoothly.
```

## Summary

> (Briefly describe the issue encountered.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Briefly describe the issue you encountered.)
```

> ## Steps to Reproduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps to reproduce
```

(Provide a clear and concise list of steps to reproduce the issue.)

1. Step 1
2. Step 2
3. etc.

## Environment

> - Browser: (e.g., Chrome, Firefox)
> - Operating System: (e.g., Windows, macOS, Linux)
> - Version of the design system: (e.g., v1.2.3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser: (e.g. Chrome, Firefox)
- Operating System: (e.g. Windows, macOS, Linux)
- Version of the design system: (e.g. v1.2.3)
```

## Checklist

Before submitting your issue, please ensure you have done the following:

> - [ ] Searched the issue tracker to ensure the issue has not already been reported.
> - [ ] Verified that the issue can be consistently reproduced.
> - [ ] Checked if the issue is already documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Search the issue tracker to ensure the issue has not already been reported.
- [ ] Verify that the issue can be consistently reproduced.
- [ ] Check if the issue is already documented.
```

> ## Additional Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional notes
```

> - Mention if the issue is blocking development or critical for release.

Reviewer: Will someone ever say it doesn’t? :)

Author: No, probably not. Shall we remove this point?

Reviewer: Yes, let’s.

- Provide links to any related issues or discussions.

> - If applicable, suggest a potential solution or workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try suggesting a potential solution or workaround.
```
